[ UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> AND TODAY, WE'LL SEE
RECORD-HIGH TEMPERATURES IN
ELMORE WITH A SWELTERING
122 DEGREES FAHRENHEIT.
I GUESS THE TERM IS NO LONGER
"GLOBAL WARMING."
IT'S "GLOBAL BURNING."
>> Gumball: DUDE, IT'S SO HOT
THAT I'M SWEATING THIS RIGHT
OUT.
>> Darwin: I DON'T HAVE SWEAT
GLANDS.
GIVE ME SOME!
AHH! THAT'S BETTER.
GROSS, BUT BETTER.
>> Gumball: [ SIGHS ]
[ UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS IN
DISTANCE ]
>> Both: ICE-CREAM TRUCK!
>> Darwin: QUICK! HE'S NOT GONNA
BE THERE FOR LONG!
>> Gumball: BUT I HAVE NO SHOES!
I'M LOSING AN INCH WITH EVERY
STEP!
[ LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY ]
>> Darwin: STOP!
>> Gumball: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
>> JUST ONE, PLEASE.
>> THERE YOU GO.
>> THANKS.
AAH! BRAIN FREEZE!
>> AHH.
OH, WAIT. UGH! UGH!
>> Gumball: COME ON, COME ON,
COME ON!
>> Darwin: DO SOMETHING!
I'M MELTING HERE!
>> Gumball: OH, COME ON!
DON'T EXA...GERRATE.
>> Darwin: [ GROANING ]
>> ONE ICE CREAM, PLEASE,
GOOD SIR.
>> SINCE YOU'RE SUCH A POLITE
BOY AND YOU GUYS ARE MY LAST
CUSTOMERS, THIS ONE'S ON THE
HOUSE.
>> MOTHER, IS IT NOT IRONIC WE
GET FREE FOOD WHEN CLEARLY WE
COULD AFFORD TO PAY FOR IT?
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
>> Gumball: AAH! THAT'S IT!
I'M CROSSING!
[ TIRES SCREECH, SIREN WAILS ]
>> FREEZE, YOU HOODLUMS!
>> Gumball: WHAT FOR?!
>> JAYWALKING.
>> Gumball: AW, GIVE US A BREAK,
MAN.
WE JUST WANTED AN ICE CREAM.
[ UPBEAT MUSIC FADES ]
[ BOTH GROAN ]
>> I DON'T CARE.
YOU'RE GETTING A TICKET.
>> Gumball: AW, MAN!
REALLY?
>> I'M SORRY, BUT THAT'S THE
LAW, KID.
CRIME IS A SLIPPERY SLOPE.
IF I TURN A BLIND EYE ON THE
SMALLEST MISDEMEANOR, BEFORE YOU
KNOW IT, THE WHOLE SOCIETY FALLS
APART.
ESPECIALLY IN THIS HEAT.
>> Gumball: WELL, I UNDERSTAND.
YOU'RE A COP.
I MEAN, IT'S OBVIOUSLY NOT YOUR
JOB TO BE COOL.
>> WHAT DO YOU MEAN "NOT COOL"?
ALL KIDS THINK COPS ARE COOL.
>> Darwin: MM, NOT REALLY.
>> Gumball: YEAH, WE'RE MORE
INTO PRIVILEGED RAP STARS THAT
PRETEND TO BE HARD-CORE.
>> THAT IS RIDICULOUS!
COPS ARE COOL.
THAT'S WHAT I WANTED TO BE WHEN
I WAS A KID.
[ BOTH INHALE SHARPLY ]
OKAY. GET IN THE CAR.
I'LL SHOW YOU.
>> Gumball: HOLD ON.
[ GRUNTING ]
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> Gumball: WE'RE JUST
PRETENDING TO BE HANDCUFFED.
SORRY. I JUST DON'T WANT ANYONE
TO THINK WE'RE FRIENDS WITH YOU.
AND I WANT MY PHONE CALL!
YOU MIND PUSHING MY HEAD DOWN?
THERE'S NO JAIL THAT CAN HOLD
ME!
>> JUST GET IN.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
>> MOTHER, THINKETH YOU THE HEAT
THAT DROVE THOSE TWO POOR
URCHINS TO CRIME?
>> NO, DEAR.
IT'S PUBLIC SCHOOL.
>> Darwin: DUDE, CAN YOU SCRATCH
MY NOSE?
>> Gumball: [ GRUNTING ]
>> YOU'RE NOT HANDCUFFED, AND HE
DOESN'T HAVE A NOSE.
>> Gumball: OH, YEAH, RIGHT.
UH...SO, WHAT'S SO COOL ABOUT
BEING A COP?
>> WELL, I FILE A LOT OF
REPORTS, I WRITE PARKING
TICKETS, I STOP FOR LUNCH, I
GIVE SOME PEOPLE DIRECTIONS, I
FILE SOME MORE REPORTS, I WRITE
SOME PARKING TICKETS, I MAKE A
REPORT ON ALL THE REPORTS I'VE
FILED --
>> Gumball: SORRY. YOU WERE SO
BORING, AND WE THOUGHT THE CAR
WAS MOVING, AND, UH...
DIDN'T EXPECT TO HAVE TO EXPLAIN
IT.
UH, PLEASE CONTINUE.
>> [ SIGHS ]
HELP ME OUT HERE, GUYS.
WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO TO PROVE TO
YOU THAT COPS ARE COOL?
>> OH.
[ SIREN WAILS ]
AAH!
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Gumball: SEE? IT'S NOT THAT
HARD TO HAVE A GOOD TIME.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS --
AH, SHOOT!
THEY'RE COMING BACK DOWN!
LET'S BAIL!
>> UNH!
>> AAH!
>> Gumball: OH, WAIT!
YOU FORGOT TO DRIVE THROUGH THE
BOXES!
>> OH, YEAH!
I ALWAYS WANTED TO DO THAT.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Gumball: SO WHAT OTHER COOL
STUFF CAN YOU DO?
>> I CAN COMMANDEER ANY VEHICLE
I WANT.
>> Gumball: ANY VEHICLE?
>> ANYTHING.
>> Gumball: I GUESS I CAN'T
COMPLAIN.
IT IS A SPACESHIP.
>> I CAN MAKE IT MORE
INTERESTING.
>> Darwin: OW?
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
>> Gumball: WH-O-O-O-O-OA!
[ SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ]
OH, NO! AND IT HURTS!
OH, IT HURTS!
>> [ LAUGHING ]
>> Darwin: Shh.
>> WUSSIES.
>> Darwin: WOW! I FORGOT YOU
GUYS HAD THOSE.
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU DO WITH THEM?
>> WELL...
[ TASER CRACKLING ]
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
[ LAUGHS ]
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Gumball: OH!
[ BOTH SCREAM ]
[ TASER CRACKLING ]
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ BOTH SCREAM ]
[ TASER CRACKLING ]
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> TA-DA!
[ TASER CRACKLING ]
[ ALARM BLARING ]
>> TA-DA!
[ TASER CRACKLING ]
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ SIREN WAILS ]
>> LOOK, BILLY.
ELMORE'S FINEST, RISKING THEIR
LIVES TO PROTECT OUR FREEDOM.
[ SIREN CHIRPS ]
>> Both: THAT'S THE SOUND OF LAW
ENFORCEMENT!
[ SIREN CHIRPS ]
>> Both: THAT'S THE SOUND OF LAW
ENFORCEMENT!
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Gumball: OH, MAN, I TAKE IT
ALL BACK.
COPS ARE COOL!
>> Darwin: YEAH, THAT WAS REALLY
FUN.
>> WAS? WHAT DO YOU MEAN "WAS"?
WE'RE JUST GETTING STARTED!
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
[ LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY ]
[ METAL CRUNCHING ]
DID YOU SEE THAT?!
>> Gumball: DUDE, LOOK AT YOUR
CAR!
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
>> OH, THAT'S NOT A PROBLEM...
FOR A COP!
STOP! I COMMANDEER THIS VEHICLE!
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
>> UNH!
>> AND THAT, SIR, IS EXACTLY WHY
YOU NEED TO WEAR A SEAT BELT.
COME ON, GUYS.
GET IN THE CAR.
>> Gumball: UH, THIS DOESN'T
FEEL RIGHT.
>> IN THE NAME OF THE LAW, GET
IN THE CAR!
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
>> HELP! POLICE!
UNH!
[ BODY THUDS ]
>> UH, FALSE ALARM.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
>> HELP! AMBULANCE!
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
>> [ LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY ]
>> Gumball: AAAAAAAH!
IT'S RED, IT'S RED, IT'S RED!
[ HORNS HONKING ]
>> [ LAUGHING ]
>> AAH!
>> Gumball: AAH! AAH!
AAAAAH!
>> Darwin: UH, I DON'T WANT TO
BE A BUZZ KILL, BUT, UH, ISN'T
ALL THIS A BIT TOO MUCH?
>> Gumball: I THINK WHAT DARWIN
IS POLITELY TRYING TO SAY IS,
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR GOSH-DARN
MIND?!
>> [ LAUGHING ]
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
DARN. I MISSED EVERY SINGLE ONE
OF THEM.
[ LAUGHING ]
>> Gumball: DUDE, I KNOW YOU
JUST WANT TO SHOW YOU'RE COOL,
BUT WHERE'S THE LIMIT?
I MEAN, WHY NOT DRIVE WITH YOUR
EYES CLOSED AND YOUR HANDS IN
THE AIR, TOO?
>> AH! GREAT IDEA!
WHOO-HOO!
>> Gumball: NO!
>> Darwin: NO, NO!
HE WAS TRYING TO USE REVERSE
PSYCHOLOGY!
>> DID SOMEONE SAY "REVERSE"?!
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
>> Gumball: [ GRUNTING ]
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
PLEASE, I'M BEGGING YOU!
>> Gumball: [ GRUNTING ]
SOMEONE'S GONNA GET HURT UNLESS
PLEASE, I'M BEGGING YOU!
YOU STOP BREAKING THE LAW!
SOMEONE'S GONNA GET HURT UNLESS
>> AH, DON'T WORRY, KID.
YOU STOP BREAKING THE LAW!
NOTHING CAN HAPPEN.
>> AH, DON'T WORRY, KID.
I  AMTHE LAW!
NOTHING CAN HAPPEN.
[ LAUGHING ]
I  AMTHE LAW!
[ ENGINE REVVING ]
[ LAUGHING ]
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
[ ENGINE REVVING ]
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
>> Gumball: OH, THANK GOSH IT'S
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
THE OLD STROLLER FULL OF TRASH
>> Gumball: OH, THANK GOSH IT'S
TRICK.
THE OLD STROLLER FULL OF TRASH
[ BABY COOING ]
TRICK.
>> [ CRYING ]
[ BABY COOING ]
>> MISUSE OF YOUR POLICE SIREN,
>> [ CRYING ]
UNLAWFUL DISCHARGE OF YOUR
>> MISUSE OF YOUR POLICE SIREN,
WEAPON, ABSOLUTE DISREGARD FOR
UNLAWFUL DISCHARGE OF YOUR
TRAFFIC REGULATION, GRAND THEFT
WEAPON, ABSOLUTE DISREGARD FOR
AUTO, ASSAULT WITH A MOTORIZED
TRAFFIC REGULATION, GRAND THEFT
VEHICLE, BABY BASHING!
AUTO, ASSAULT WITH A MOTORIZED
MY SAND CASTLE'S GOT A JELLY
VEHICLE, BABY BASHING!
MOAT HERE, AND THERE'S NO ONE TO
MY SAND CASTLE'S GOT A JELLY
SCOOP OUT THE DICE!
MOAT HERE, AND THERE'S NO ONE TO
I'M BLOWING A FOG HORN, BUT THE
SCOOP OUT THE DICE!
ONLY THING COMING OUT OF IT IS
I'M BLOWING A FOG HORN, BUT THE
HOT FOAM!
ONLY THING COMING OUT OF IT IS
AM I MAKING MYSELF CLEAR?!
HOT FOAM!
>> Gumball: N-N-N-NOT REALLY.
AM I MAKING MYSELF CLEAR?!
>> I'M TAKING YOUR BADGES.
>> Gumball: N-N-N-NOT REALLY.
>> Darwin: WE DON'T WORK FOR THE
>> I'M TAKING YOUR BADGES.
POLICE.
>> Darwin: WE DON'T WORK FOR THE
>> OH.
POLICE.
THEN I'M TAKING YOUR BADGE!
>> OH.
YOU'RE FIRED!
THEN I'M TAKING YOUR BADGE!
>> [ SIGHS ]
YOU'RE FIRED!
WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?
>> [ SIGHS ]
>> Gumball: DON'T BLAME
WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?
YOURSELF, MAN.
>> Gumball: DON'T BLAME
MAYBE IT WAS THE HEAT.
YOURSELF, MAN.
>> Darwin: IF BY HEAT YOU MEAN
MAYBE IT WAS THE HEAT.
YOU, GUMBALL.
>> Darwin: IF BY HEAT YOU MEAN
>> Gumball: HEY! YOU'RE THE ONE
YOU, GUMBALL.
WHO SAID HE WAS ABOUT AS COOL AS
>> Gumball: HEY! YOU'RE THE ONE
WORLD MUSIC.
WHO SAID HE WAS ABOUT AS COOL AS
>> Darwin: I DID.
WORLD MUSIC.
>> THAT'S ALL RIGHT, KID.
>> Darwin: I DID.
IT'S TRUE.
>> THAT'S ALL RIGHT, KID.
>> Gumball: NO, IT ISN'T!
IT'S TRUE.
WAIT. YEAH, IT IS.
>> Gumball: NO, IT ISN'T!
BUT WHO WILL PROTECT OUR
WAIT. YEAH, IT IS.
FREEDOM?
BUT WHO WILL PROTECT OUR
WHO WILL MAKE SURE THAT SOCIETY
FREEDOM?
DOESN'T FALL APART?
WHO WILL MAKE SURE THAT SOCIETY
WHO WILL KEEP THE STREETS SAFE
DOESN'T FALL APART?
FOR EVERY MAN, WOMAN, AND CHILD?
WHO WILL KEEP THE STREETS SAFE
WHO WILL MAKE SURE THAT WE NEVER
FOR EVERY MAN, WOMAN, AND CHILD?
LOSE CONTROL OF OUR DESTINY?
WHO WILL MAKE SURE THAT WE NEVER
NOT THE COOL HERO WE WANT BUT
LOSE CONTROL OF OUR DESTINY?
THE PETTY, UPTIGHT, AND
NOT THE COOL HERO WE WANT BUT
BORING --
THE PETTY, UPTIGHT, AND
>> Darwin: [ IMITATING TRUMPET ]
>> Gumball: YOU NEED TO GET YOUR
JOB BACK.
>> Darwin: [ IMITATES TRUMPET ]
>> [ SIGHS ]
NO, I DON'T HAVE IT IN ME.
>> Gumball: WELL, WHAT IF
SOMEONE WERE TO...JAYWALK?
>> EH, IT WOULDN'T MATTER.
>> Gumball: WOULDN'T IT?
I REMEMBER A CERTAIN PASTRY WHO
ONCE TOLD ME THAT IF ONE TURNS A
BLIND EYE ON THE SMALLEST
MISDEMEANOR, BEFORE YOU KNOW IT,
THE WHOLE OF SOCIETY FALLS
APART.
>> REALLY? JAYWALKING RIGHT IN
FRONT OF THE POLICE?!
ISN'T THERE ANY LAW LEFT IN THIS
TOWN?!
>> Gumball: HUH?
>> WELL, IF THAT'S THE WAY IT
IS, WHY SHOULD I PAY FOR THIS
ICE CREAM, HUH?!
WHY DON'T I JUST HELP MYSELF?!
WHY DON'T I JUST TAKE THE WHOLE
DARN TRUCK?!
>> OHH! OHH!
>> WHY DON'T I JUST UPSET WHO I
LIKE?!
>> Gumball: WELL, THAT GOT OUT
OF HAND QUICKLY.
>> I MEAN, SINCE THERE'S
OBVIOUSLY NO LAW IN THIS TOWN,
WHY DON'T I TAKE A NICE DRIVE
RIGHT THROUGH THE PARK?!
WHY DON'T I JUST KEEP ON DRIVING
UNTIL I RUN SOMEONE OVER?!
[ BOTH SCREAM ]
>> Gumball: [ PANTING ]
WE NEED A VEHICLE!
>> Darwin: THERE!
[ BABY LAUGHS ]
>> Gumball: IS THIS REALLY THE
BEST WE COULD DO?!
>> JUST STEP ON IT AND PUT THE
SIREN ON!
>> Darwin: WHOO! WHOO! WHOO!
WHOO! WHOO! WHOO!
>> ...DISREGARD FOR EVERYONE'S
HEALTH AND SAFETY?!
>> Darwin: WHOO! WHOO! WHOO!
>> GET OUT OF THE WAY, DOUGH
BOY!
>> Gumball: AAH! WATCH OUT!
>> NO! I'VE HAD IT WITH PEOPLE
USING THEIR STROLLERS LIKE
WEAPONS TO PUSH PEOPLE OUT OF
THEIR WAY!
FOR ONCE, YOU CAN GO AROU--
>> WHY DON'T I RUN OVER THIS
BEAUTIFUL LAWN, AND THE...
>> PULL OVER!
>> ...DISREGARD FOR MOTHER
NATURE!
>> PULL OVER, LADY!
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
SHE'S HEAD FOR THE GATE!
[ ALL COUGHING ]
OKAY. SHE ASKED FOR IT.
GET BEHIND HER!
YAAH!
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
[ OFF-KEY NOTES PLAY ]
>> WICKED! ICE-CREAM TRUCK!
>> COMMISSIONER, LOOK OUT!
>> DON'T MOVE!
YOU SHOULD'VE DONE YOUR JOB WHEN
YOU HAD THE CHANCE.
ONE MORE STEP AND THE
COMMISSIONER KICKS HIS OWN
BUCKET!
>> PLEASE DON'T!
I HAVE A WIFE AND THREE NUGGETS
TO FEED!
>> Gumball: COME ON, MAN -- DO
SOMETHING.
>> I CAN'T!
I CAN'T THINK OF ANY LAME PUNS.
AND I'M NOT A COP ANYMORE.
>> YES, YOU ARE.
[ BOTH IMITATE DRAMATIC MUSIC
PLAYING ]
>> AAH! AAH!
[ DRAMATIC MUSIC CONTINUES ]
YOU JUST GOT ICED.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
[ DRAMATIC MUSIC CONTINUES ]
>> WELL, LIKE I'VE ALWAYS SAID,
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
WHEN THE POTATO CHIPS ARE DOWN,
>> WELL, LIKE I'VE ALWAYS SAID,
THE HASH COME OUT TO BROWN.
WHEN THE POTATO CHIPS ARE DOWN,
>> Gumball: CAN WE TAKE THESE
THE HASH COME OUT TO BROWN.
OFF, PLEASE?
>> Gumball: CAN WE TAKE THESE
IT'S LIKE A MILLION DEGREES OUT
OFF, PLEASE?
HERE.
IT'S LIKE A MILLION DEGREES OUT
>> NO, YOU'RE IN SHOCK.
HERE.
>> Gumball: CAN WE AT LEAST HAVE
>> NO, YOU'RE IN SHOCK.
AN ICE CREAM?
>> Gumball: CAN WE AT LEAST HAVE
>> Darwin: WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
AN ICE CREAM?
WITH HER?
>> Darwin: WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
>> I'LL DO WHAT ANY COOL COP
WITH HER?
WOULD DO AND LET HER OFF WITH A
>> I'LL DO WHAT ANY COOL COP
WARNING.
WOULD DO AND LET HER OFF WITH A
>> Gumball: ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!
WARNING.
THAT WOMAN IS A MENACE TO
>> Gumball: ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!
SOCIETY!
THAT WOMAN IS A MENACE TO
SHE'S AN ABSOLUTE PSYCHOPATHIC
SOCIETY!
CRIMINAL!
SHE'S AN ABSOLUTE PSYCHOPATHIC
>> AH. TOO COOL?
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
>> Gumball: [ Thinking ] FIRST,
DISTRACT TARGET.
LOOK! BEHIND YOU!
YOUR BUTT!
[ Thinking ] THEN DISORIENTATE.
ADOPT A 90-DEGREE EVASION.
UPPERCUT.
AND DISARM.
DISCOMBOBULATE.
WAIT. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THAT
MEANS.
JUST DOUBLE-BONK HIM ON THE HEAD
REAL HARD.
>> Darwin: OOH!
>> Gumball: EMPLOY RABBIT BLOCK
AND STRIKE.
ENEMY DISARMED, CONFUSED --
READY FOR THE COUP DE GRACE.
DELIVER FINAL QUIP.
TIME TO HIT THE SACK, LITERALLY.
[ Thinking ] A FORMIDABLE PLAN.
COMMENCE ATTACK.
>> Anais: HYAH!
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Mom: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
YOU'RE GOING TO MISS THE SCHOOL
BUS!
[ HORN HONKING ]
[ GASPS ]
[ Thinking ] OKAY. PLAN OF
ATTACK -- KICK CHAIR THROUGH THE
WINDOW, GRAB THE TWO BOYS, TWIRL
THREE TIMES TO GENERATE SPEED,
RELEASE AT AN EXACT 78-DEGREE
ANGLE, THROW THE BOYS THROUGH
THE WINDOW DIRECTLY INTO THE
SCHOOL BUS, PRESERVE REPUTATION
FOR PUNCTUALITY, DELIVER CLEVER
MOM QUIP.
WHAT?
WHERE ARE THEY?
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
>> Anais: I THINK YOU LOST THEM
AT THROW THEM THROUGH THE
WINDOW.
>> Mom: [ SIGHS ]
>> Anais: ALL RIGHT.
WHAT WAS YOUR QUIP?
>> Mom: [ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
YOU JUST GOT BUS-TED.
>> Anais: MEH. WOULD'VE BEEN
BETTER IF YOU'D SAID, "YOU JUST
GOT SCHOOLED."
>> Mom: YOU JUST GOT --
>> Anais: IT'S TOO LATE NOW.
>> Mom: [ SIGHS ]
[ SCHOOL BELL RINGS ]
>> Darwin: [ SNEEZES ]
[ HIGH-PITCHED SNEEZE ]
>> Gumball: DUDE, WHAT IS THAT?
YOU'VE BEEN DOING IT ALL
MORNING.
>> Darwin: [ SNEEZES ]
SNEEZING. CAN'T YOU TELL?
>> Gumball: NOT REALLY.
YOU SOUND LIKE THE WORLD'S
ANGRIEST BABY.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
>> Darwin: MY THROAT IS ITCHY.
AH-CHOO!
MY BREATH IS WHEEZY.
MY EYES ARE WATERY.
AH-CHOO!
>> Gumball: MM. SOUNDS LIKE
WORMS.
I THINK YOU'VE GOT WORMS.
JUST SQUAT OVER A BOWL OF MILK
AND WHISTLE TILL THEY COME OUT.
>> Darwin: NO, DUDE, I THINK I'M
ALLERGIC TO SOMETHING.
>> Gumball: DON'T WORRY, MY
FRIEND.
WHATEVER IT IS, WE WILL FIND IT,
AND WE WILL NOT REST UNTIL WE
FIND YOU A CURE!
AND YOU WILL BE RID OF THIS
TERRIBLE AFFLICTION!
I PROMISE!
[ VIDEO GAME PLAYING ]
>> Darwin: SO? WHEN?
>> Gumball: HUH? "WHEN" WHAT?
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
[ VIDEO GAME CRASHES ]
>> Gumball: OH. THAT.
WELL, NOW, I GUESS.
>> SO, THE SYMPTOMS ARE A WEIRD,
EMPTY SENSATION IN MY STOMACH, A
FEELING OF LIGHTHEADEDNESS, AND
AN UNUSUAL AMOUNT OF SALIVA IN
MY MOUTH WHEN I THINK OF FOOD.
I CHECKED ON THE INTERNET, AND
APPARENTLY, IT MIGHT BE
SOMETHING CALLED THE G-VIRUS,
WHICH CAN ONLY BE CURED BY
CUTTING OFF THE INFECTED PART OR
THE REMOVAL OF THE BRAIN.
>> HMM. I'M GONNA PRESCRIBE TWO
WEEKS OFF AND A COUPLE OF HEAVY
SEDATIVES A DAY FOR SIX WEEKS.
>> AH! THANK YOU!
>> NO, THAT'S FOR ME.
WHAT YOU DESCRIBED IS CALLED
BEING HUNGRY.
NOW, FOR THE LAST TIME, PLEASE
GET OUT OF MY OFFICE SO I CAN
CURL UP UNDER MY DESK AND REVISE
MY CAREER CHOICES.
>> BUT I TOLD YOU, I NEED --
>> Gumball: HI. DARWIN CAN'T
STOP SNEE--
>> BUT I WAS HERE FIRST!
>> JUST A SEC.
>> [ MUFFLED SPEAKING ]
>> HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
>> RIGHT. SOUNDS LIKE A SIMPLY
ALLERGY.
JUST HOLD IT IN AND GET BACK TO
CLASS.
>> Darwin: OH, OKAY.
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
>> [ MUFFLED SPEAKING ]
YOU SHOULD NEVER HOLD IN A
SNEEZE!
IT'S VERY DANGEROUS.
YOU COULD POP A BLOOD VESSEL OR
EVEN WORSE.
>> Gumball: IS SHE RIGHT?
>> WHAT SHE IS, IS A PAIN IN THE
NECK WHO MAKES MY JOB A
NIGHTMARE.
>> IF YOU HAVE A PAIN IN THE
NECK, YOU SHOULD REALLY CONSULT
A MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL.
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
>> ...VERTEBRAE MAY HAVE
SLIPPED OUT OF ALIGNMENT, WHICH
COULD BE A SIGN OF SOMETHING...
>> HAVE A NICE DAY.
>> Gumball: AREN'T YOU SUPPOSED
TO TAKE CARE OF KIDS WHO ARE
ILL.
>> HAVE A NICE DAY!
>> Gumball: BUT WE STILL DON'T
KNOW WHAT HE'S ALLERGIC TO.
>> HAVE A NICE DAY!
>> Gumball: I FEEL LIKE YOU'RE
TRYING TO TELL US SOMETHING.
>> HAVE A NICE --
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
>> Gumball: [ SIGHS ]
I'LL NEVER KNOW WHAT SHE WAS
GONNA SAY NOW.
>> Darwin: WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
>> Gumball: HMM. WE'RE GONNA
NEED TO FIND AN ALTERNATIVE TO
TRADITIONAL MEDICINE.
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ]
>> [ PANTING ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
DID I HEAR SOMEONE TALK ABOUT
ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE?
ALTERNATIVE MEDICINES ARE OFTEN
RIDICULED FOR BEING A BUNCH OF
MAGIC BALONEY PRACTICED BY A
GANG OF ALMOST CRIMINAL BOZOS.
BUT LOOK AT ME.
YOU CAN TELL RIGHT AWAY IT IS NO
LAUGHING MATTER.
>> Gumball: YEAH, IT'S
DEFINITELY A BIT SAD.
>> SO, THE PLAN IS TO CLEAN YOUR
ENERGY BY ABSORBING THE TOXINS
WITH THE POWER OF THIS
UNBREAKABLE CRYSTAL.
THE POWER OF THESE TWO
UNBREAKABLE CRYSTALS.
>> Gumball: HOW DOES THAT WORK?
>> MM. I DON'T KNOW.
THE MAGAZINE THIS CAME WITH WENT
BANKRUPT AFTER TWO EDITIONS.
I'LL JUST, UH, DO THIS.
>> Darwin: [ GROANS ]
>> HOW DOES THAT FEEL?
>> Darwin: GOOD. I THINK --
AH-CHOO!
>> UNH!
[ BODY THUDS ]
I'M NOT OKAY!
>> DON'T WORRY!
I'VE GOT A DIPLOMA IN THE
ANCIENT ART OF ACUPUNCTURE.
>> Gumball: REALLY?
>> YEAH, I BOUGHT IT ON THE
INTERNET.
IT CAME WITH A SCUBA-DIVING
LICENSE AND A DOG-BREEDING
PERMIT.
>> Darwin: OW! EEE! OHH!
ARGH! NOT THERE!
OHH!
>> Gumball: WELL, ON A PAIN
SCALE OF 1 TO 10, THIS LOOKS
LIKE IT WOULD SCORE AT LEAST,
UH..."SOMEBODY PLEASE FINISH ME
OFF.
EVERY SECOND OF MY TRAGIC
EXISTENCE IS PURE AGONY."
>> DON'T WORRY.
ACUPUNCTURE IS COMPLETELY
PAINLESS.
>> Darwin: YOU'RE RIGHT.
I CAN'T FEEL PAIN...OR ANYTHING
FROM THE NECK DOWN.
>> YEAH, I COULDN'T REMEMBER THE
EXACT ENERGY POINTS I NEED TO
STRIKE, SO BETTER SAFE THAN
SORRY.
BUT, HEY!
AT LEAST IT WORKED.
YOU HAVEN'T SNEEZED FOR A WHOL--
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
[ DEFLATING ]
>> Gumball: UH, I CAN SMELL
DANCING AND TASTE PURPLE.
ARE THERE GONNA BE ANY MORE SIDE
EFFECTS?
>> [ SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE ]
I'M SORRY.
WHAT I MEANT TO SAY WAS...
UGH!
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
AH-CHOO!
>> Gumball: YEAH, I THINK THE
BEST THING TO DO IS JUST IGNORE
IT.
I MEAN, HOW BAD CAN IT GET?
[ GRUNTING ]
DO YOU HAVE ANY 9s?
>> Darwin: NO. AH-CHOO!
[ BODY THUDS ]
GO FISH.
>> Gumball: IT'S THE OTHER
PEOPLE THAT I'M WORRIED ABOUT.
I THINK YOUR ALLERGY IS STARTING
TO SERIOUSLY GET ON THEIR
NERVES.
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
>> SO ANNOYING.
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
AH-CHOO!
>> AAH!
I'M LACTOSE INTOLERANT!
UH, PROBABLY.
>> HMM.
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
>> AAH!
[ BODY THUDS ]
>> Darwin: AHHH-CHOO!
>> THAT HURT!
[ BODY THUDS ]
>> Gumball: I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU
>> THAT HURT!
WERE SUSPENDED FOR BEING TOO
>> Gumball: I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU
DANGEROUS.
WERE SUSPENDED FOR BEING TOO
>> Dad: WELL, I CAN'T BELIEVE
DANGEROUS.
YOU JUST DITCHED SCHOOL WITHOUT
>> Dad: WELL, I CAN'T BELIEVE
A PROPER EXCUSE.
YOU JUST DITCHED SCHOOL WITHOUT
>> Gumball: WELL, WE ARE ALL IN
A PROPER EXCUSE.
THIS TOGETHER.
>> Gumball: WELL, WE ARE ALL IN
IF DARWIN GETS TO SKIP CLASS,
THIS TOGETHER.
THEN SO DO I.
IF DARWIN GETS TO SKIP CLASS,
>> Darwin: I THOUGHT THIS WAS
THEN SO DO I.
ABOUT FINDING WHAT I'M ALLERGIC
>> Darwin: I THOUGHT THIS WAS
TO.
ABOUT FINDING WHAT I'M ALLERGIC
>> Gumball: YES, THAT, AS WELL.
TO.
>> Anais: WELL, HE'S BEEN
>> Gumball: YES, THAT, AS WELL.
HANGING AROUND WITH YOU ALL DAY,
>> Anais: WELL, HE'S BEEN
SO MAYBE HE'S ALLERGIC TO
HANGING AROUND WITH YOU ALL DAY,
STUPIDITY.
SO MAYBE HE'S ALLERGIC TO
>> Gumball: HEY! IT'S NOT NICE
STUPIDITY.
TO BE MEAN ABOUT PEOPLE'S
>> Gumball: HEY! IT'S NOT NICE
STUPIDITY!
TO BE MEAN ABOUT PEOPLE'S
BUT I'M GONNA CALM DOWN NOW
STUPIDITY!
BECAUSE, NOW THAT I THINK ABOUT
BUT I'M GONNA CALM DOWN NOW
IT, THAT'S ACTUALLY QUITE A GOOD
BECAUSE, NOW THAT I THINK ABOUT
THEORY!
IT, THAT'S ACTUALLY QUITE A GOOD
>> Anais: UH, IS IT?
THEORY!
>> Gumball: WELL, YEAH.
>> Anais: UH, IS IT?
IT ALL STARTED WITH THAT STUPID
>> Gumball: WELL, YEAH.
PILLOW FIGHT.
IT ALL STARTED WITH THAT STUPID
>> Darwin: AND THE MORE PEOPLE
PILLOW FIGHT.
GAVE ME STUPID SOLUTIONS, THE
>> Darwin: AND THE MORE PEOPLE
WORSE IT GOT.
GAVE ME STUPID SOLUTIONS, THE
>> Anais: HMM.
WORSE IT GOT.
THERE MUST BE A WAY TO PROVE
>> Anais: HMM.
THIS.
THERE MUST BE A WAY TO PROVE
BUT HOW?
THIS.
>> Dad: HEY, GUYS, DO YOU
BUT HOW?
SOMETIMES WONDER WHAT TREE DOES
>> Dad: HEY, GUYS, DO YOU
CHEESE COME FROM?
SOMETIMES WONDER WHAT TREE DOES
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
CHEESE COME FROM?
>> Anais: NOW WE'RE SURE.
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
>> Mom: OKAY, WE NEED TO COME UP
>> Anais: NOW WE'RE SURE.
WITH A PLAN, BUT PLEASE, NO MORE
>> Mom: OKAY, WE NEED TO COME UP
STUPID IDEAS.
WITH A PLAN, BUT PLEASE, NO MORE
I DON'T THINK THIS HOUSE CAN
STUPID IDEAS.
TAKE IT.
I DON'T THINK THIS HOUSE CAN
OR ANY OTHER HOUSE, FOR THAT
TAKE IT.
MATTER.
OR ANY OTHER HOUSE, FOR THAT
GUMBALL, PLEASE THINK BEFORE YOU
MATTER.
SPEAK.
GUMBALL, PLEASE THINK BEFORE YOU
>> Gumball: WHAT IF WE --
SPEAK.
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
>> Gumball: WHAT IF WE --
[ BOTH COUGHING ]
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
>> Gumball: WHAT THE WHAT?
[ BOTH COUGHING ]
DUDE, I DIDN'T EVEN FINISH MY
>> Gumball: WHAT THE WHAT?
SENTENCE!
DUDE, I DIDN'T EVEN FINISH MY
>> Darwin: SORRY. I ANTICIPATED.
SENTENCE!
>> Anais: IT WAS BOUND TO BE
>> Darwin: SORRY. I ANTICIPATED.
STUPID.
>> Anais: IT WAS BOUND TO BE
>> Gumball: HEY! WE'RE IN A
STUPID.
DEMOCRACY HERE!
>> Gumball: HEY! WE'RE IN A
CAN I GET A CHANCE TO SPEAK,
DEMOCRACY HERE!
PLEASE?
CAN I GET A CHANCE TO SPEAK,
>> Anais: [ SIGHS ]
PLEASE?
>> Gumball: WHAT IF HE SNEEZED
>> Anais: [ SIGHS ]
UPWARDS?
>> Gumball: WHAT IF HE SNEEZED
NOTHING WOULD GET DAMAGED.
UPWARDS?
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
NOTHING WOULD GET DAMAGED.
>> Anais: I KNEW IT.
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
>> Gumball: [ GRUMBLES ]
>> Anais: I KNEW IT.
>> Mom: COME ON. YOU'RE THE ONE
>> Gumball: [ GRUMBLES ]
WITH ALL THE GOOD GENES.
>> Mom: COME ON. YOU'RE THE ONE
WHAT SHOULD WE DO?
WITH ALL THE GOOD GENES.
>> Anais: LET'S MOVE TO THE
WHAT SHOULD WE DO?
DESERT.
>> Anais: LET'S MOVE TO THE
THERE'S NOTHING TO DESTROY
DESERT.
THERE.
THERE'S NOTHING TO DESTROY
>> Mom: ALL RIGHT, WE'RE NOT
THERE.
GONNA TALK.
>> Mom: ALL RIGHT, WE'RE NOT
WE'RE JUST GOING TO LISTEN TO
GONNA TALK.
THE RADIO.
WE'RE JUST GOING TO LISTEN TO
>> WORRIED ABOUT YOUR WEIGHT?
THE RADIO.
TRY H2LOW, OUR NEW DIET WATER.
>> WORRIED ABOUT YOUR WEIGHT?
TWICE THE TASTE, HALF THE WASTE.
TRY H2LOW, OUR NEW DIET WATER.
SIGHS.
TWICE THE TASTE, HALF THE WASTE.
>> Anais: DIET WATER?
SIGHS.
THAT SOUNDS COMPLETELY STU--
>> Anais: DIET WATER?
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
THAT SOUNDS COMPLETELY STU--
>> Gumball: I GUESS WE'LL BE
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
WALKING.
>> Gumball: I GUESS WE'LL BE
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
WALKING.
>> Gumball: OR RUNNING.
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
COME ON, MAN!
>> Gumball: OR RUNNING.
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
COME ON, MAN!
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
AH-CHOO!
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
>> Anais: LET'S TRY THE OTHER
AH-CHOO!
WAY AROUND.
>> Anais: LET'S TRY THE OTHER
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
WAY AROUND.
>> Gumball: HEY, THAT WAS A
>> Darwin: AH-CHOO!
PRETTY GOOD TRICK, MAN!
>> Gumball: HEY, THAT WAS A
TRY SNEEZING DOWN!
PRETTY GOOD TRICK, MAN!
THAT SHOULD PROPEL US STRAIGHT
TRY SNEEZING DOWN!
OUT OF TOWN.
THAT SHOULD PROPEL US STRAIGHT
>> Darwin: A-H-H-H-CHOO!
>> Gumball: EVEN I ADMIT THAT
WAS A STUPID IDEA.
>> Anais: AND IT'S GONNA GET
WORSE!
R-U-U-U-UN!
[ HORN HONKING ]
>> Gumball: QUICK! LET'S RUN
AWAY AS FAST AS WE CAN IN A
STRAIGHT LINE!
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
>> Anais: I DON'T KNOW WHAT WAS
MORE STUPID -- THE FACT THAT
THAT WAS YOUR SOLUTION OR THAT
WE CHOSE TO FOLLOW YOU.
>> Darwin: AH-AH...
>> Gumball: I THINK IT WAS MORE
STUPID THAT YOU POINTED IT OUT.
>> Anais: NO! DON'T DO IT THERE!
>> Darwin: ...AH-AH...
>> Darwin: ...AH...
>> Gumball: WE NEED TO CHOOSE!
>> Darwin: GO FOR THE PANDA!
THEY'VE GIVEN UP ON LIFE ANYWAY!
>> Anais: GUYS, OVER HERE!
>> Darwin: AH-AH-AH-CHOO!
[ BOTH SIGH ]
>> Gumball: THAT WAS CLOSE.
GOOD JOB, TEAM.
[ CATS MEOWING ]
>> Anais: COME ON, DARWIN!
WE'RE ALMOST OUT OF TOWN!
>> Gumball: JUST AS LONG AS WE
DON'T BUMP INTO SOME STUPID
OBSTACLE AGAIN!
>> OH, HEY, GUYS.
DID YOU KNOW THAT --
>> Gumball: DON'T! TRUST ME.
IT'S FOR YOUR OWN SAFETY.
>> BUT I JUST --
>> Gumball: NO, NO, NO, NO!
DON'T SPEAK! DON'T SAY A THING!
HE'S REALLY DANGEROUS.
ONE STUPID WORD AND YOU COULD
ALL GET BLOWN OFF TO THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE SPECIFIC OCEAN.
>> Anais: DID YOU JUST SAY
"SPECIFIC OCEAN"?
[ SIGHS ]
>> Darwin: AH-AH-AH...
[ BIRD SCREECHES ]
[ ALL BREATHING HEAVILY ]
>> Gumball: YAY! WE MADE IT!
>> Darwin: STOP!
I'M GONNA CONTINUE ALONE.
>> Gumball: WHAT?! WHY?!
>> Darwin: BECAUSE I LOVE YOU!
BUT -- BUT --
>> Anais: BUT YOU'RE A
SLACK-JAWED, PEA-BRAINED DIMWIT,
AND YOU'LL ALWAYS BE IN DANGER
OF GETTING YOUR HEAD BLOWN OFF
EVERY TIME YOU OPEN YOUR MOUTH
AROUND HIM.
>> Gumball: I'M NOT GOING
ANYWHERE, MAN!
>> Darwin: GO!
>> Gumball: OW!
>> Darwin: JUST GO!
>> Darwin: I DON'T WANT TO HURT
>> Gumball: OW!
YOU!
>> Darwin: I DON'T WANT TO HURT
>> Gumball: WELL, STOP THROWING
YOU!
STONES AT ME, THEN!
>> Gumball: WELL, STOP THROWING
>> Darwin: BUT WHAT ARE YOU
STONES AT ME, THEN!
GONNA DO IF I SNEEZE AGAIN?
>> Darwin: BUT WHAT ARE YOU
[ CRYING ]
GONNA DO IF I SNEEZE AGAIN?
>> Gumball: THEN I WILL BE
[ CRYING ]
READY!
>> Gumball: THEN I WILL BE
>> Darwin: AH-AH-AH-AH--
READY!
RUN!
>> Darwin: AH-AH-AH-AH--
>> Gumball: WE CAN TAKE IT!
RUN!
WE'RE YOUR FAMI--
>> Gumball: WE CAN TAKE IT!
UH...
WE'RE YOUR FAMI--
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
UH...
>> Anais: WELL, I'M AVOIDING THE
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
BLAST.
>> Anais: WELL, I'M AVOIDING THE
>> Darwin: AH-CHOOOOOOOOOOO!
BLAST.
[ COW MOOS ]
>> Darwin: AH-CHOOOOOOOOOOO!
>> Gumball: [ GROANING ]
>> Darwin: OH. I FEEL GREAT!
>> Anais: YEAH. MY BAD.
>> Gumball: [ GROANING ]
LOOKS LIKE YOU WEREN'T ALLERGIC
>> Anais: YEAH. MY BAD.
TO STUPIDITY.
LOOKS LIKE YOU WEREN'T ALLERGIC
JUST FEATHERS.
TO STUPIDITY.
>> Gumball: IT MUST'VE GOT IN
JUST FEATHERS.
THERE DURING THE PILLOW FIGHT!
>> Gumball: IT MUST'VE GOT IN
>> Darwin: EVERYTHING IS OKAY,
THERE DURING THE PILLOW FIGHT!
THEN.
>> Darwin: EVERYTHING IS OKAY,
WE CAN ALL GO HOME.
THEN.
AH-AH-CHOO!